Add YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS environment variable in the docs (#397)
aio-libs/yarl: README.rst

The library is Python 3 only!

PyPI contains binary wheels for Linux, Windows and MacOS.  If you want to install
``yarl`` on another operation system (or *Alpine Linux* inside a Docker) the

> Tarball will be used to compile the library from sources.  It requires C compiler and

Reviewer: I don't think that tarball should be capitalized

> Tarball will be used to compile the library from sources.  It requires C compiler and

Reviewer: Also: "a C compiler"

Python headers installed.

> To skip the compilation please use `YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS` environment variable,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To skip the compilation, you must explicitly opt-in by setting `YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS` environment variable to a non-empty value,
```

e.g.:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS=1 pip install yarl

> Please note, Pure Python (uncompiled) version is much slower.

Reviewer: Please also mention that it's always pure-python under PyPy interpreter series.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure that PyPy should be explicitly noted.
The performance under PyPy is fine; PyPy executes C Extensions slower than native Python code.

Reviewer: Just to inform users that they don't have to set `YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS` as it won't change anything.

Author: "Please note Pure Python (uncompiled) version is much slower. However, PyPy always uses pure python implementation, and, as such, is unaffected by this variable."

Would something like this work?

Reviewer: s/is/it is/

The library is Python 3 only!

PyPI contains binary wheels for Linux, Windows and MacOS.  If you want to install

> ``yarl`` on another operation system (or *Alpine Linux* inside a Docker) the

Reviewer: The correct word is "operating". Also, docker is irrelevant here: the containerization technique doesn't govern the presence of a compiler.
```suggestion
``yarl`` on another operating system (like *Alpine Linux*, which is not
manylinux-compliant because of the missing glibc and therefore, cannot be
used with our wheels) the
```

> tarball will be used to compile the library from sources.  It requires a C compiler and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tarball will be used to compile the library from the source code. It requires a C compiler and
```

Python headers installed.

> To skip the compilation you must explicitly opt-in by setting use `YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To skip the compilation, you must explicitly opt-in by setting the `YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS`
```

environment variable to a non-empty value, e.g.:

.. code-block:: bash

   $ YARL_NO_EXTENSIONS=1 pip install yarl

> Please note that Pure Python (uncompiled) version is much slower. However, PyPy always

Reviewer: "pure-Python" is the proper spelling:
```suggestion
Please note that the pure-Python (uncompiled) version is much slower. However, PyPy always
```

> uses pure python implementation, and, as such, it is unaffected by this variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
uses a pure-Python implementation, and, as such, it is unaffected by this variable.
```
